590014: Update release-notes-3.3.0.md (#68)
CAFDataProcessing/worker-markup: release-notes-3.3.0.md

${version-number}

#### New Features

> 590014: Python is no longer requied to run this worker, and as a result the base image has been changed from `opensuse-jeptalon` to `opensuse-jre11`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
590014: Python is no longer required to run this worker, as a result the base image has been changed from [opensuse-jeptalon](https://github.com/CAFapi/opensuse-jeptalon-image) to [opensuse-jre11](https://github.com/CAFapi/opensuse-java11-images).
```
